.
The Geordies are back in the Toon.
Wicked!
We are doing what we do best.
Fuck me!
Partying.
Tashing on.
Getting mortal.
Shagging.
It's insane!
(yelling)
Shit's about to get real.
We need testosterone,
I'm bringing my mate in.
Aye-aye.
Who the hell is that?
I recognise him.
We've already shagged.
You all right. How you doing?
Marnie is a crafty little bastard.
She's telling me she still likes
us and then going to bed with Gary.
I'm gutted that Marnie's gone
out of her way to tell Scott.
I didn't say that!
This is going too deep already.
Aaron tried for ages
to get me into bed
and he finally gets in my bed
and doesn't try anything.
Best night I've had
in the house so far. Mint.
I should have a degree
in pulling women.
I am a Geordie girl with a VIP edge.
I'm a natural beauty.
Real boobs, real hair.
I'm gonna tear the place up.
I never kiss anyone
without a six pack.
Hardest graft I've done is my hair.
Cheeky and full of mischief.
I'm fake, flirty
and I've got double Fs.
I'm gonna get everyone feisty.
(all) Geordie Shore, why-aye!
Fucking hell.
My birthday party
got absolutely mental
and even though me and Marnie argued,
we still ended up in bed spooning.
What the fuck?
My first house party was mint
and I've woken up in bed with Holly.
Have we banged?
Nah, Holly dragged us in here.
No, I didn't.
He thought that he'd just be able to
walk in and bang me straight away.
I'm not like that anymore.
I've told you, I'm sassy.
We didn't even cuddle.
You were in the same bed.
I don't know what's going on,
cos I thought I had the perfect
friends with benefits situation
but after last night
I'm not sure.
Me and Scott are having a tidy up
and talking about Gaz and Marnie.
I can't believe after everything
I told Gaz last night
the kid still ended up with Marnie.
He's bird-bound. I thought
he would've listened to me.
The past couple of days,
we've been eating absolute shit.
Me and Marnie
are gonna have to go to the gym.
Do you think the house is different
with Aaron being there?
No.
I don't neither.
Me and Holly are talking about
how well Aaron's fitted in.
It's not like that with a new girl.
If you do want Charlotte and Vicky
to be the way I am with you now,
cos I do feel like
we have got closer...
Yeah.
...and I am glad about that,
sleeping with Gary isn't
the way to go about it.
If I want to sleep in Gary's room
with him, then I can.
Holly and Charlotte shouldn't want
me to be something I'm not.
Sometimes I have to
sometimes force it.
But if you do feel left out,
then you need to tell me.
Holly's telling us that if I ever
need anyone to talk to
I can turn to her. I feel like I've
got another friend in this house.
(doorbell rings)
Hi.
Tonight I've got jobs
for all of you. Yes.
So, Anna walks in
and says we've got work, again,
but at least this time
it's the whole squad.
Girls, you're going to be leading
some Irish stags on a bar crawl.
(laughter)
Me and Holly have got to host
an Irish stag party.
This sounds right up my street.
I can't wait to get mortal
and have fun.
And, guys, you're gonna be
showing some Welsh hens
what Newcastle has to offer.
(guys) Whey!
Geordies and Welsh, hen party,
this could get very, very messy.
As always, remain professional.
No tashing on with any of the guests.
That's never gonna happen.
That's like telling Anna
never have a spray tan.
Thanks, Anna.
Thanks, guys.
Bye.
All right?
Are you all right?
Yeah, you?
Yeah.
How the hell did we end up
in bed together?
(exhales) Just pissed, I think.
I wanna know
what's happening with me and Holly.
Even though we've shagged,
nothing's happened.
Right, Aaron, me and you
have had sex before. Mm-hmm.
You slept in my bed
and I didn't touch you.
I know, I didn't touch you either.
So how do I get around it then?
What do you mean?
So if you don't have sex anymore,
how would I get around that?
Right. You would have to...
...find me a unicorn.
I'm not won over very easily.
I would want... a black rose.
He's gonna have to work hard.
And a star.
What the hell is she talking about?
Are unicorns even real?
How the fuck do you get a star?
Then I might consider
letting you take me out.
Holly might make it hard.
I don't back down from a challenge.
Challenge accepted.
We've got work tonight.
The lads are looking after hens
and the lasses have got a stag do.
What are you thinking about
the job tonight?
Nah.
Nah?
Not at all.
I'm struggling to believe Marnie
wouldn't be bothered if Gaz pulled.
She's a girl, and if he brings girl
back, you're automatically jealous.
Tonight is gonna be the decider.
Are the lads gonna pull,
or are they gonna come home
with Marnie and Holly?
All right, girls?
You're getting married.
Aren't Welsh birds supposed to be
man-eaters? This should be fun.
(cheering)
I'm so excited for work.
I can't wait to see
all the fit Irish boys there.
Hi!
(men) Hi!
Me and Holly get to work to find
a bunch of blokes my dad's age.
But it's still our job to show them
a good time, so fuck it.
Are yous ready
to get fucking mortal?!
Yeah!
We're gonna do a competition.
There's only one thing I can
think of to liven up this party.
Whoever necks the most shots
gets a lap dance from Marnie.
(cheering)
They've all got to do shots
to see who wins a lap dance,
and they all look super keen.
Are you gonna get the lap dance?
Haway then.
(cheering)
This lad's Irish luck
is definitely in.
Hang on a minute,
she's actually good at this.
She's definitely done this before.
(cheering)
I've got a rose for you.
I'm gonna pull tonight
and prove to everyone
I'm not attached to Marnie.
Shock, I'm the first to pull, again.
Gaz and Aaron need to up their game.
Say my name, say my name.
Marnie.
(laughter)
Say her name, bitch.
(they laugh)
They might be old enough to be
my dad, but these stags are a laugh.
I've had an absolute howl
with these stags.
Definitely the best time
I've had at work.
Work's over. We done a mint job.
Anna will be proud.
Get to the club, time to party.
We get to the club
and I'm absolutely mortal.
I think Aaron's a really nice lad,
but I can't get close to him
without everyone
thinking I fancy him.
Why?
Marnie is a really, really
flirty person and I know that,
but I'm banging her and it's lad code
that none of your mates go near her.
Gary's feelings wouldn't be hurt,
but his pride definitely would be.
You know me, you know me, mate.
Mate, no.
Yes, they're friends,
but if Aaron ever went there,
even me, that is out of order.
I'm fed up with
this Marnie and Gary situation.
You can tell it's already causing
loads of hassle.
I'm not weird.
I'm not.
I can't see any reason why Gary's
like this, other than he's jealous.
I'm not, I'm not.
Yes, you are.
These two are arguing and I'm
in the middle. This is embarrassing.
I don't!
I know you do.
I don't, Gary!
I don't know what Gary's problem is.
He said
there was no feelings involved.
No.
No? You're a liar.
I can't believe the bickering
has started already.
"Have you pulled tonight?"
I can't be arsed.
There's not. There's not!
I'll prove it.
Alright then, prove it then.
I don't understand
why Gaz is so pissed off.
He must like her.
He should admit it.
I'm back and I can't wait to see
that bunch of helmets,
find out what's going on,
get the gossip
and just get fucking mortal.
Have you missed me?
(screaming)
Oh, my God, it's Vicky.
She's the fucking queen
of this house.
She's gonna stir shit up.
I'm actually crying.
It's OK.
It's so good to see these twats.
No boy has ever gone
to this much effort. (laughter)
This kid needs
a bunch of man-the-fuck-up.
(all) Geordie Shore, why-aye!
.
We're in the club and I notice
some idiot trying to barge past me.
Have you missed me?
(screaming)
Oh, my God, it's Vicky!
I've never seen Vicky
looking this good, like.
It's so good to see these twats.
Oh, hello.
Oh, honey. Aw.
I'm actually crying.
Oh, my God, I'm actually crying.
I've actually missed them.
Good, thank you, how are you?
So this beautiful girl walks in
and it turns out to be Vicky.
This girl is gonna put a smile
on my face.
Charlotte's not here.
I'm so gutted. I was looking forward
to having the lasses back together.
Cheers, everyone!
(cheering)
Thank God you're back.
I am so glad Vicky's back.
She's the queen of this house and
when she finds out what's going on,
she'll stir shit up.
(laughs)
Fucking hell!
Gary's already managed to bed Marnie.
I can't say I'm fucking surprised.
Gaz would shag owt.
He's like a dog with two dicks.
And Marnie would flirt
with a lamppost.
Listen, you.
Listen, you little bastard.
Vicky needs to realise how good she
looks. I'm not afraid to complement,
but the work isn't over
until she sees my fucking chopper.
Vicky's turned up,
everyone's had a mint night
and I'm looking extra massive.
(shrieks)
Oh, my God.
I've seriously underestimated
how much I've missed everyone.
I'm just overwhelmed with this
feeling of, like, sort of being home.
So much for me pulling
another bird tonight.
Instead I've ended up arguing
with Aaron and Marnie.
I'm spooning my pillow.
I'm so glad
you brought this up for me.
So I've woken up this morning
and, thank God, Vicky's in my room.
Last night I got far too drunk.
All I remember is Gary being a
jealous idiot and Vicky turning up.
I guarantee Gary pulled
just to get back at us.
Did Gary pull last night?
Oh, ooh. Did your lad pull?
Jealous girlfriend.
He didn't pull.
Hello, Charlotte, you all right?
Hearing Marnie ask if her lad, Gary,
pulled last night is proper deja vu.
I feel as though I've gone back
two years and listening to Charlotte.
I hope we're not about
to go through this again.
So I'm trying to ring Charlotte.
(line rings)
And it's just ringing
and ringing and ringing.
Why, why, why? Answer your phone.
I'm like, "Bitch, if you have
a phone, answer it."
Charlotte, man, answer your phone.
She's not answering.
Holly's tried to give Charlotte
a ring and she didn't answer.
To be honest, I'm relieved.
I still feel bad for Holly.
She wants her here.
We're off for brunch.
What the hell even is that?
Breakfast and lunch?
Have one or the other. Fuck off.
After what I heard, I want to find
out what's going on in this house.
I heard you slept together
three nights in a row
and not pulled anyone else.
There we go.
I don't know
what Vicky's problem is.
She's just got here and already
she's grilling us about Gary.
I think Gary should have
the double bed
because him and Marnie are quite
clearly starting a relationship.
I think it's only fair.
I don't know how many times
I've got to say this.
We are not in a relationship.
I don't do relationships.
Did yous argue?
Are you serious?
I think it was.
Getting jealous, Gary?
I wanna know what's going on
with you and Holly.
The old Holly would've been happy
with a burger and a Jagerbomb,
but now new sassy Holly wants a
fucking star, a mythical creature.
Fuck me.
I think you should
put in the graft, pet.
She's sassy now. She's worth it.
Don't you worry, I'm gonna use
my imagination and get that date.
Is it possible to order
12 black roses?
It's time to tick
an item off her list
so I phoned the florist and ordered
the black roses. I hope they exist.
I need black, like.
I've... I need them to be black.
Is it possible you can
colour them in or something?
Could you do that for us?
"Yeah."
Buzzing, I've got my black roses.
Well, red, but the florist
is gonna colour them in.
Thank you very much, bye-bye.
After eating that pure rank fry-up,
we need to get to the gym and get
a naughty session in before tonight.
I think you're a fanny.
You got what?
Whoa, whoa, whoa, stop, stop, stop.
Stop, stop, stop.
Aaron buying Holly roses means
he drops serious lad points.
The boys are taking the piss, but
I don't care. Holly will be chuffed.
For all this effort
that Aaron is going to,
I hope he gets a bang
at the end of it,
but I honestly
don't think he's going to.
Aye, too much.
Tonight, me and the lads
have made a pact.
We're gonna go
and pull some new birds.
So let's promise that we're
all getting warm beds tonight.
(doorbell rings)
Go on, Azza.
I know what that'll be.
Me flowers have arrived.
The florist has done well
colouring in.
Black roses? Who's he buying them
for, the devil? Well, Holly.
This kid needs
a bunch of man-the-fuck-up.
Holly. Holly?
Yeah?
I got a surprise for you.
(laughter)
Oh, my God!
Aaron walks in
and I'm honestly really surprised.
No boy has ever gone
to this much effort.
Oh, my God! That's the cutest thing
that's ever happened!
(laughter)
What's she doing? What's she doing?
She's just fucking pooed herself!
Holly's face is priceless.
She's loving it.
I'm definitely getting a date here.
Aw, you're so cute.
Do you like them?
Oh, yeah, I love them.
If Aaron does actually end up
getting all these things for me,
that's fine, I'll date him.
I'll get sorted for tonight.
Thanks, Aaron.
Don't get us wrong, Aaron doing the
challenges for Holly is really sweet,
but if I want to go out with
a huge vagina I'd be a lesbian.
Treat them mean to keep them keen,
is what I would say.
If you punch him,
you might get a car. (they laugh)
# So I'm kissing Vicky
# What a fucking belter
Scotty T is wicked #
We're double-teaming Gary and he's
screaming like a fucking baby.
Gaz is kicking off cos
I've been speaking to Marnie.
(Marnie)
Oh, my God, no, no, no!
Tops are off and we're face-to-face.
This is you!
I knew shit like this would happen.
(all) Geordie Shore, why-aye!
.
Let's go!
Tonight is my first proper night out
and it's gonna go off.
# Yeah, yeah, it's Bijoux
Yeah, yeah, it's Bijoux #
(cheering)
Me and boys are gonna
stick to a plan
and not pull
any of the girls tonight.
I found out the boys have a bet on.
Whoever cracks first and gets
into one of the lasses loses,
which means game on.
Lads, we're coming for you.
Hiya, Scott.
Are you OK?
I'm fucking fine.
The girls are all over us, but I
guess that's just fucking standard.
We need to fuck shit up
with the boys.
They won't be able to resist us.
The ultimate lad
could be the first one to fall.
Gary reckons he won't kiss us.
I will not let that happen.
I honestly don't know
how long I can resist.
We've realised we need
to go hard or go home on this.
Me and Marnie are at either side
of him and he can't cope.
The girls are literally all over us.
There's tits everywhere,
but I'm not giving in.
(yells)
We're double-teaming him.
He's screaming like a baby.
Is this kid wifed in or what? Looks
like he's heading for an epic fail.
I'm telling Aaron how fuming I am
that Gary's pied us.
Gary reckons he can try and kiss us
now after he pied us?
I don't think so, Gary.
We are all human, but it looks like
I'm losing this game.
Shock, Gaz has caved in.
My wing man is definitely whipped.
No way I'm failing this by myself.
I'll make Aaron kiss Holly.
We are in this together.
I've done it.
I managed to get a kiss off Aaron.
It's time to man up, Vicky.
Find your lady balls and go
and flirt with fucking Scotty T.
# So I'm kissing Vicky
# What a fucking belter
Scotty T is wicked #
Oh, how the mighty have fallen.
The girls have won.
We are victorious.
Fuck you, lads.
(blows raspberry)
We leave the club
and I'm carrying Holly out.
She is smashed,
and Marnie is behind us.
When we get in the taxis, the boys
shout Marnie into their taxi.
What's all that about?
Do they think that's funny. Do they
think that's hilarious, do they?
Fuck this.
Me and Gary are in the taxi
and he's ranting and raving about
Marnie getting in the other taxi.
You're making yourself
look like a dick.
I am not arsed about Marnie.
I'll tell you now.
I'm arsed about sly, sly mates.
I am soberer than you.
Gary, man!
Why would you be bothered?
You don't even like her.
Ah, but listen.
I don't know
what he's playing at
telling Aaron and Marnie to crack on.
He's playing with fire.
(Scott) Go on, son!
She might have gone in the taxi.
It doesn't mean she's done anything.
So Gary is just going on and on and
on and on and on. Shut the fuck up!
Why were they shouting her
to get in the taxi?
I'm in the same taxi as you.
Why are me and you in the same taxi?
I'm not necking on with you.
We're friends.
I don't understand.
Why get Marnie in their taxi?
Either one wants to crack on with her
or they're trying to piss me off.
So we get back to the house
and Gary's face looks like
a shit sandwich.
What the fuck's up with him now?
Hi, guys!
Gary looks absolutely furious.
I'm not sure what's going on,
but I know it's about to kick off.
The last thing I thought was
the person I bring in this house
would try and go behind my back
and do something sly.
Gaz is kicking off because
I've been speaking to Marnie.
We're just mates. What's wrong?
Gary's absolutely furious
but he's directing his anger
at the wrong person.
It's Scott he should be mad at,
not Aaron.
Enjoy.
(coughs, burps)
I wanna go to bed, forget about it
and sort it out tomorrow.
Will yous two
please tell me the crack?
I don't know.
I don't fancy Aaron.
I'm upstairs and I can hear Scott
encouraging Aaron and Marnie
to crack on.
What kind of mate fucking does that?
I am fuming here, like.
(laughter)
I'm sick of defending myself.
Me and Aaron are just friends.
Scott's trying to cause trouble.
Gary.
Gary, please talk to us.
Yeah, Scott's trying to...
Gary just needs to learn
not to listen to him.
It's always me who gets the blame
and I'm always the bad guy.
No.
Go to bed, Scott!
You go to bed.
Why is she having a go? It's not
my fault she's been all over Aaron.
Go and tell him that
I wasn't flirting.
What the fuck is wrong with Scott?
I catch him stirring more shit
in the bedroom.
He needs to put
that shit-stirring spoon away.
I'm talking to Gaz
and then they burst in.
You came down and said that
I was flirting.
No, I didn't.
There's people there who heard you.
How many times do I have to tell Gaz
I would never go there with Marnie.
So...
And all of a sudden,
everyone's proper kicking off.
Everyone be quiet, guess what...
(they argue over each other)
Don't start. Stop it. Don't!
Oh, my God, no, no, no!
Next thing, tops are off
and we're face-to-face.
It's you! You're causing this shit!
You're telling him I was flirting
with Aaron! You fucking told him!
I knew shit like this would happen.
(Vicky) This is so typical.
We're all having a good time,
a good night,
and then someone has to come along
with a huge ego and just ruin it,
and I don't care who's to blame.
This is not a democracy.
It's a dictatorship.
I'm fucking in charge,
you bunch of cunts.
Pack it up and go to bed.
I didn't want it
to get to this point.
I don't want to fight
someone in here.
We need to talk tomorrow.
I think Gary's finally accepting
there's nothing with me and Aaron.
I hope that whole situation gets
put behind us and we can move on.
(moans)
Here, drink your tequila and neck on!
Everyone's frisky as fuck
and everyone's tashing on.
I really, really miss
Charlotte right now.
Scott tried to come between
me and Gary.
You told me to flirt with Marnie.
All I want is an apology.
Just admit it for once.
(all) Geordie Shore, why-aye!
.
Woke up this morning
and we dive in the Jacuzzi.
It was all kicking off last night.
I don't think Aaron said
anything wrong.
Gaz is getting protective
over his new lass.
Oh, yeah, he's gotta like her, man.
Got to.
I don't know what goes through
Gaz's head,
whether he fancies Marnie or not.
All I know is that I'm so pleased
I've got fuck all to do with it.
Morning!
Oh, my God.
What the fuck happened last night?
Last night was absolutely ludicrous.
Aaron and Gary were going to have
some sort of straightener.
Can you imagine those two fucking big
girls blouses trying to have a fight?
I've more upper body definition
than the pair of them.
That fucking Scott was shit stirring
a little bit last night.
Scott is furious that Gary has
managed to go further than he did,
so he's using Aaron as a pawn
in his evil game to fuck shit up.
Poor little Aaron.
Scott was the bad guy last night.
He was just trying to get in
Gary's head and cause trouble.
It's confusing us.
I don't know why he'd do that.
Last night got blown
out of proportion.
We should never
fall out over a girl.
Aaron's still worried about
last night.
It was Scott doing the whole thing.
Last night, for me,
Scott was bang out of order.
Trying to throw a spanner
in the works by encouraging Aaron
is just fucked up.
(phone rings)
Hello?
So, Anna's on the phone to tell us
we're all at work tonight.
It's a singles party.
People are getting good at fucking
match-making in this house now.
All we've got to do is get them
mortal and get them to tash on.
Surely that shouldn't be too hard.
This lot manage to do it every night.
Me and Marnie decided
to fuck off work.
Chill, have some food, a few drinks.
I think it's a good idea
for me and Gary
to just have a bit of alone time.
I want to make sure that this whole
situation is over and done with.
With Scott, it's like,
he thinks in his head
that he's always in the right.
I feel like the situation is all
down to Scott and his shit-stirring.
Last thing I expected my best mate
in the house to be doing
is encouraging another lad
to try and crack on.
At least Aaron had
the balls to apologise.
Scott still hasn't.
Where the fuck are Gary and Marnie?
Probably stopped for a shag.
I wonder if Gaz and Marnie
are gonna to make it out
or if they're going to pie us off
to have a pillow fight.
To singles night!
To the singles!
I am so excited for
tonight's singles night
and that is because there are three
things in life I am really good at.
Getting pissed, judging people
and necking on.
Tonight involves all three.
Hi, everyone. Thank you for coming.
It's up to me to welcome the troops
and get this started
and what better way
than with tequila body shots.
That always makes me neck on.
OK, drink your tequila and neck on.
Go!
Oh, fucking hell!
Go on, yeah! Oh, my God!
Looks as though
the tequila shots worked.
Everyone's frisky as fuck
and everyone's tashing on.
Everyone in the room is
just necking on with each other.
I feel a bit out of place.
It's just my new thing now.
Your new thing? I don't like it.
Why is everyone struggling to
understand that I'm different now?
I won't sleep with the first person
who puts their cock in my face.
There's no way I'm gonna give up.
I'm gonna go to the end
until I get everything.
Holly might be making it hard,
but I'll use my imagination
and get that date.
Work's done, all the singles
are pissed, we're all pissed.
It's time to have a night out.
So we get to Soho Rooms and Gary
and Marnie still aren't there.
Looks like we're partying
without them tonight.
(cheering)
We're off to find the others.
I hope they're not pissed off
we sacked off work.
Gary and Marnie turn up. I thought
Charlotte was gonna be there
and literally
I just burst into tears.
I don't know why I thought
she was gonna be there, but I did.
I really, really miss Charlotte
right now.
Scott tried to come between us
but to be honest,
Scott is fucking himself over.
Whatever happened,
I'm ready to put it behind us.
All I want is an apology
from my best mate.
Everyone got
the wrong end of the stick.
Can't be arsed with games.
I want to crack on with birds.
I've got these two girls and I'm
telling them about my water bed
and how watery it is and that we're
gonna turn it into a wave pool.
I brought two girls back. I can't
be arsed with everyone's shit,
so it's straight on
to the water bed,
cos these girls wanna
have a go in my dinghy.
Come here.
I don't care if Scott's banging,
he's having a threesome,
I still can't get over the fact
he told Aaron to go and flirt with
Marnie when I'm getting with Marnie.
I need an apology
or I can't let this go.
(knocking on door)
Gaz walks in the shag pad
saying he wants a chat.
Bit bad timing, mate, when I've
got two pirates walking on my plank.
(girls laugh)
I need two minutes.
Birds can last, lads can't.
I don't want to hear, "I was too
drunk, don't know what I was doing."
I want him to be honest. I want him
to admit exactly what he said.
I was a bit pissed last night.
Whether I told Aaron to get with
Marnie or not, why are you bothered?
It's nothing to do with Marnie.
It's between lads.
This is between...
I don't get fucked about.
This was between me and my two mates.
The lads need to stick together
because Marnie will try and get
in our heads and I can't be arsed.
I just want it all done
and buried and gone.
Right, that's all I want.
This is the best I'm gonna get,
so fuck it, I'll accept his apology.
(both talk at once)
In this situation,
it's just easier to say sorry
but Gaz needs to realise it's
Marnie he needs to worry about.
I'm not gonna let anyone
in this house
fuck up what me and Marnie have.
We get each other and I do not
want it to get complicated.
I say bite the bullet
and make the first move.
Aye-aye.
Double date has to happen.
Go.
We're having a wicked time.
Fuck! Sorry I'm late!
Charlotte has just walked
through the door.
Where is everyone?
This isn't a very nice welcome.
This is gonna ruin everything.
Holly!
It's Charlotte, what the hell?!
Fuck my life.
.